docs/src/intro/sessions/session-1.md, before:

# Session 1

## Intro & Version Control

<div class="wip">
	<i>work in progress</i>
</div>

> July 17th, 1pm NL Time

## 1:00 - 15m - Introduction

-   _Likely waiting for folks to join initially_
-   Cover goals of this bootcamp, the timeline, and other high level items
-   Talk about the team behind Hackfrost NL, and where you can find us online

## 1:15 - 30m - Terminal

-   What is Terminal?
-   Terminal configuration
-   Useful commands
-   File management

## 1:25 - 15m - VS Code + Flask Hello World

-   VS Code overview
-   Editing code tricks
-   Installing Flask
-   Starting virtual enviorment
-   Writing flask hello world
-   Running the application locally
 
## 1:40 - 30m - Git & GitHub

-   What is Git?
-   What is GitHub?
-   Create a Repository
-   Clone it locally
-   Make a Commit
-   Create an Issue
-   Make a Commit fixing the Issue
-   Close the Issue

## 2:10 - 10m - The 'Web', and HTTP

-   What exactly is a 'URL'?
-   Routes, and their handlers
-   HTTP and its request methods

Commit message:

remove wip from session 1, add note about recordings

docs/src/intro/sessions/session-1.md, after:

# Session 1

## Intro & Version Control

> July 17th, 1pm NL Time

_Recording will be posted sometime after the session occurs._

## 1:00 - 15m - Introduction

-   _Likely waiting for folks to join initially_
-   Cover goals of this bootcamp, the timeline, and other high level items
-   Talk about the team behind Hackfrost NL, and where you can find us online

## 1:15 - 30m - Terminal

-   What is Terminal?
-   Terminal configuration
-   Useful commands
-   File management

## 1:25 - 15m - VS Code + Flask Hello World

-   VS Code overview
-   Editing code tricks
-   Installing Flask
-   Starting virtual enviorment
-   Writing flask hello world
-   Running the application locally

## 1:40 - 30m - Git & GitHub

-   What is Git?
-   What is GitHub?
-   Create a Repository
-   Clone it locally
-   Make a Commit
-   Create an Issue
-   Make a Commit fixing the Issue
-   Close the Issue

## 2:10 - 10m - The 'Web', and HTTP

-   What exactly is a 'URL'?
-   Routes, and their handlers
-   HTTP and its request methods
