docs/src/example-portfolio/running-locally.md, before:

# Running the application locally

Instructions taken from [here](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/2.0.x/installation/), if you run into any issues might be good to reference this as well.

The application itself can be found [here](https://github.com/HackFrostNL/dev-bootcamp-v1.0/tree/main/example-portfolio) on our GitHub if you just wish to browse the source code without downloading it to your machine.

1. Clone the project from GitHub, and enter it.

```sh
git clone https://github.com/HackFrostNL/dev-bootcamp-v1.0.git
cd ./dev-bootcamp-v1.0/example-portfolio
```

2. Ensure you're running Python 3, this is covered in more detail within the [setup](../setup/overview.md), but a good sanity check before continuing.

```sh
python3 --version
```

3. Create a virtual environment, so you can install packages locally to the project without populating the global python package namespace, and also without needing root to install packages either.

```sh
python3 -m venv venv
```

4. Activate the virtual environment, depending on your shell this might be different.

```sh
. venv/bin/activate
```

5. Install all of the required application dependencies.

```sh
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

6. Finally, run the application, and then open your browser to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000); if everything went correctly you should now see the example application!

```sh
flask run
```

Don't fret to ask for help in the Discord if you run into any issues with the above commands.

Commit message:

verbose cd-ing into the right dir for the running-locally tutorial

docs/src/example-portfolio/running-locally.md, after:

# Running the application locally

Instructions taken from [here](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/2.0.x/installation/), if you run into any issues might be good to reference this as well.

The application itself can be found [here](https://github.com/HackFrostNL/dev-bootcamp-v1.0/tree/main/example-portfolio) on our GitHub if you just wish to browse the source code without downloading it to your machine.

1. Clone the project from GitHub, and enter it; ensuring you're in the right directory (that contains files such as `app.py` and `requirements.txt` is very important, pretty much every step expects you to be in the one directory).

```sh
git clone https://github.com/HackFrostNL/dev-bootcamp-v1.0.git
cd ./dev-bootcamp-v1.0/example-portfolio
```

2. Ensure you're running Python 3, this is covered in more detail within the [setup](../setup/overview.md), but a good sanity check before continuing.

```sh
python3 --version
```

3. Create a virtual environment, so you can install packages locally to the project without populating the global python package namespace, and also without needing root to install packages either.

```sh
cd path/to/dev-bootcamp-v1.0/example-portfolio
python3 -m venv venv
```

4. Activate the virtual environment, depending on your shell this might be different.

```sh
cd path/to/dev-bootcamp-v1.0/example-portfolio
. venv/bin/activate
```

5. Install all of the required application dependencies.

```sh
cd path/to/dev-bootcamp-v1.0/example-portfolio
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

6. Finally, run the application, and then open your browser to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000); if everything went correctly you should now see the example application!

```sh
cd path/to/dev-bootcamp-v1.0/example-portfolio
flask run
```

Don't fret to ask for help in the Discord if you run into any issues with the above commands.
